README.md, before:

# Blades in the Dicebot
A Discord bot custom made for Blades in the Dark.

Simpler syntax and clearer results.
Handles 0d, critical results and resistances rolls.
Also has a cute name.

Compatile with all bots, and works well with Sidekick due to non-overlapping syntax.

If you've found any issues or improvements it could use, file a bug!

## How to install

Just follow this link:
https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?&client_id=689624467680395296&scope=bot&permissions=0

The link will prompt you to authorize the bot on a server. Once the bot's authorized, you'll see it in the Member List. In a public channel just type any of the commands outlined below and the bot will answer with a dice roll.

## Using it

### Rolling dice

`!`  Start a post with ! to get its attention.

`! 2` The first number will make it roll that amount of d6s.

`! 2 r` Including the letter 'r' will make it perform a resistance roll.

`! r 2  / comment` Anything after the slash will be included as a comment.

`! resist 2d6` Works as you'd expect.

### Tutorial Commands.

`/help` or `!help` Makes the bot repeat this set of instructions in the discord. 

`!dice` Describes how to get more dice (push, assist, devil's bargain, group).

`!position` Describes position & effect.

`!effect` Describes position & effect.

`!group` Describes group actions.

### GM References

`!controlled` Lists consequences for Controlled

`!risky` Lists consequences for Risky actions 

`!desperate` Lists consequences for Desperate actions.

Commit message:

Changing Discord bot permissions
Hopefully to work with embeds

README.md, after:

# Blades in the Dicebot
A Discord bot custom made for Blades in the Dark.

Simpler syntax and clearer results.
Handles 0d, critical results and resistances rolls.
Also has a cute name.

Compatile with all bots, and works well with Sidekick due to non-overlapping syntax.

If you've found any issues or improvements it could use, file a bug!

## How to install

Just follow this link:
https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=689624467680395296&scope=bot&permissions=32768

The link will prompt you to authorize the bot on a server. It needs permissions to allow embeds (makes things look pretty). Once the bot's authorized, you'll see it in the Member List. In a public channel just type any of the commands outlined below and the bot will answer with a dice roll.

## Using it

### Rolling dice

`!`  Start a post with ! to get its attention.

`! 2` The first number will make it roll that amount of d6s.

`! 2 r` Including the letter 'r' will make it perform a resistance roll.

`! r 2  / comment` Anything after the slash will be included as a comment.

`! resist 2d6` Works as you'd expect.

### Tutorial Commands.

`/help` or `!help` Makes the bot repeat this set of instructions in the discord. 

`!dice` Describes how to get more dice (push, assist, devil's bargain, group).

`!position` Describes position & effect.

`!effect` Describes position & effect.

`!group` Describes group actions.

### GM References

`!controlled` Lists consequences for Controlled

`!risky` Lists consequences for Risky actions 

`!desperate` Lists consequences for Desperate actions.
